Crips and bloods

I was awakened from my snooze by the vibrations of the spaceship landing in its docking position, 
which caused the walls and flooring of the cabin to rattle. Phoenix, my partner, was busy inspecting the dashboard.

"Are we already there?" I muttered; I don’t think Phoenix heard me, and that was alright because, as we slowly descended, 
the CCI-23 space station slowly emerged as I peered through the porthole.CCI-23 develops new human technologies and research 
other species in space. CCI-23 is based at the Moon's R1 cranium point. Building the space station began in 1998 as nothing 
more than a dream, and it was only finished in 2015. This gave our engineers the knowledge of Earth’s failed technology, 
giving them the opportunity and resources to develop it.. A lot of inspiration for developing "failed" inventions was drawn 
from the different abilities of CRIPS (disabled people) on planet Earth. Many of our astronauts and engineers have what we 
(humans) see as a disadvantage. On the space station, we deem a disability a superpower.
Our engineers devised a variety of methods to improve their superpower.

Starting with the seats in the spaceship for those that have lost their legs to the long battle with the Crips and Bloods, 
the latter being evil norms that want to wipe the Crips from existence. The seats are made with built-in air boosters, 
which means they can detach from the aircraft and be transported anywhere around the moon or lab. When the space station 
was originally designed by "norms," they didn’t think about "crips".The crips have been fighting bloods to protect their
equipment. The space station has been developed far better than the other ones that were created by norms; the labs do 
not have keyboards because many of the engineers have lost their limbs due to fighting to keep all the equipment and space 
station safe. The lights and temperature are body-cooled to make working in space easier. When creating new ideas, we 
developed a mind device that writes out all our thoughts and ideas. We can’t waste time writing new ideas down because the 
device speeds up processing time.

Bloods have had spies pose as Crips to get all our plans; we’ve had to increase the security measures. They have 
intercepted our stations, brainwashed some of our engineers, and drunk our fizzy POP. THIS WAS THE FINAL STRAW! 
So, we need a device to tell the real from the fake, so for the crips that are visually impaired, we have been developing 
glasses with different settings for differentiating their visual sight, as that was a problem that the norms couldn’t do.

I am going back to Earth to get more intel and recruit Crips, so I must travel back to the world of norms (Earth). 
Every day, the norms world invents new equipment with flaws that our crips develop and improve. The war continues to 
get worse day by day, so it’s our mission to make our defence better and develop our equipment so that blood never wins.
